Overview
    In this assignment, we will create a web application to help learn vocabulary words. The web site freevocabulary.com contains a list of about 5,000 words and short definitions. I have extracted this list into the file /home/unixtool/data/vocab.dat. Your task is to write a CGI script that presents and grades a vocabulary quiz.  
    
Quiz Creation
    The first step of this assignment is to create the quiz. Your CGI script will pick ten random words from the data file, and for each of these present four definitions (one correct and three incorrect ones). The user will pick the correct definition by using an appropriate HTML form element (such as radio or drop down menu). After submitting the form, your CGI script will grade the answers and report back to the user which answers were correct and which were incorrect.
    
    The file has three fields in it: word, part of speech, and definition using | as a delimiter. Here is an example line:
      muddle|v.|To confuse or becloud, especially with or as with drink. 
    
    To implement quiz creation, we suggest reading in the entire data file and picking 40 random entries: 16 nouns (n), 12 verbs (v), and 12 adjectives (adj). These words will be used to generate 4 noun questions, 3 verb questions and 3 adjective questions. Don't pick any of the same entry twice! You may want to consider Python's handy random.shuffle function.
    
    To generate the quiz, you will pick 4 entries of the same part of speech at a time.  The definitions for each of these 4 entries will be the possible options in the quiz that the user will select from.  The word for one of the 4 entries will be chosen at random and made the question.  For example, consider the following selected entries:
        illegitimate|adj.|Unlawfully begotten.
        natal|adj.|Pertaining to one's birth.
        pugnacious|adj.|Quarrelsome.
        nefarious|adj.|Wicked in the extreme.

        If we randomly picked "pugnacious" as the word, something like the following would be displayed:
        pugnacious:
             Unlawfully begotten.
             Pertaining to one's birth.
             Quarrelsome.
             Wicked in the extreme.